government = monarchy
add_government_reform = beylik_legacy
primary_culture = turkish
add_accepted_culture = al_misr_arabic
add_accepted_culture = bedouin_arabic
add_accepted_culture = saiidi
add_accepted_culture = libyan_arabic
religion = sunni
technology_group = muslim
historical_friend = TUN
historical_friend = ATJ
historical_rival = MAM
historical_rival = BYZ
historical_rival = HAB
historical_rival = HUN
historical_rival = KAR
historical_rival = CND
historical_rival = CIK
historical_rival = DUL
historical_rival = RAM
government_rank = 4
capital = 361 # Cairo
add_army_professionalism = 0.1
religious_school = hanafi_school

